Align origin_name with auth scheme, allow for empty name (#188)
tfpauly/privacy-proxy: draft-privacypass-rate-limit-tokens.md

Clients receive challenges for tokens, as described in {{AUTHSCHEME}}.

For the rate-limited token issuance protocol described in this document,
the name of the origin is sent in an encrypted message from the Client
to the Issuer. If the TokenChallenge.origin_info field contains a single
origin name, that origin name is used. If the origin_info field contains
multiple origin names, the client selects the single origin name that
presented the challenge. If the origin_info field is empty, the

> encrypted message uses a special value, defined in {{encrypt-origin}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
encrypted message is the empty string "".
```
(We also use the special value "" in #request-two, so I figure it's simplest to just inline here.)

Token Keys and Origin Name Keys held by the Issuer.
- The TokenRequest.encrypted_origin_name can be decrypted using the
Issuer's private key (the private key associated with Origin Name Key), and matches
an Origin Name that is served by the Issuer. This name might be the empty string "",
as described in {{encrypt-origin}}, in which case the Issuer applies a cross-origin

> policy if allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
policy if supported. If a cross-origin policy is not supported, this condition is not met.
```

in {{request-one}}: `token_key_id`, `blinded_msg`, `request_key`, and `name_key_id`.

Together, these are used to encapsulate Origin Name (`origin_name`) and produce
Encrypted Origin Name (`encrypted_origin`).

`origin_name` contains the name of the origin that initiated the challenge, as
taken from the TokenChallenge.origin_info field. If the TokenChallenge.origin_info field

> is empty, `origin_name` is set to a fixed string "EmptyOrigin".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is empty, `origin_name` is set to the empty string "".
```

Setting it to the empty string seems simplest here?

Reviewer: We probably also need text in the Issuer->Attester section, or elsewhere, describing what to do when this value is received. Maybe we need a section specifically on how issuers should manage or configure origin rate limits?

Author: Yeah I was thinking about adding text for what to do when you receive an empty string. I'll add that.

Author: Added some text for this!

origin_name, error = context.Open(aad, ct)
~~~

The resulting value of origin_name is used by the Issuer to determine which rate-limit values
to send to the Attester for enforcement. If the decrypted origin_name is the empty string "",

> the Issuer applies a cross-origin rate-limit policy, if supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the Issuer applies a cross-origin rate-limit policy, if supported. If the decrypted origin_name
is the empty string "" and the Issuer does not support cross-origin rate limiting, then it MUST
abort the protocol as described in {{request-two}}.
```
